WELCOME TO THE PIZZALICIOUS APP 
 

A quick streamline way of ordering New Pittsburgh, Nebraska’s favorite pizza parlor. 

HOME SCREEN 

You will start off at the home screen where you have the option to add a new order or exit the app.  

You can make the actions run by selecting the number or letter adjacent to the option. 

When you hit “exit” the app will close immediately but if you put in the “add order” option, you will enter the order screen. 


ORDER SCREEN 

When entering the Order Screen, you will be given 5 options where you can add a pizza, a drink, 
garlic knots, check out, or cancel order. 

“Add Pizza”, and “Add Drink” will take you to a new screen while “Add Garlic Knots” will only take place on the
Order Screen and will add to the charge. 

If you enter the “Checkout” option, you will enter the Checkout Screen unless you haven't 
ordered anything in which case you will be told the order is empty and be returned to the Order Screen.  

If you cancel the order, you will be asked if you're sure you want to cancel where you can hit either y/n for “Yes or No”


PIZZA SCREEN 

Once you enter the pizza screen, you will be prompted to pick the crust type, the size of your pizza, the meat,
the cheese, your nonmeat toppings, sauces, sides, and be asked if you would like stuffed crust pizza.


Every choice is optional except for the crust type, cheese type, and stuffed crust yes or no question. 

Once you put in all the options, you will be given the price of your current order and the total price 
of previous things added to your order and get returned to the order screen. 


DRINK SCREEN 

You will be asked the size of your drink. 
Afterwards, you will be asked for the flavor you would like. 

Just like the end of the pizza screen, you will then be given the price of your current purchase and the total
price of previous things added to your order and get returned to the order screen. 


CHECKOUT SCREEN 

Once you enter the Checkout Screen, you will be given the individual purchases and your total and be asked to 
confirm order or cancel order.  

If you cancel, you will be taken back to the home screen but if you confirm, a file will be created with your receipt 
(It won’t be created immediately, and you will be sent back to the home screen.  
